Document X-Source-Tags header (#539)
mozilla/firefox-data-docs: src/concepts/pipeline/http_edge_spec.md

* `DNT` - The "Do Not Track" header.
* `X-PingSender-Version` - The version of [Pingsender] used to send this ping (if applicable).
* `X-Debug-ID` - An optional tag used to make data available to the [Glean Debug View].

> * `X-Source-Tags` - An optional comma-separated list of tags related to the client source; pings sent from automated testing should include the "automation" tag so that they are not presented to analyses

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* `X-Source-Tags` - An optional comma-separated list of tags related to the client source; pings sent from automated testing should include the "automation" tag so that they are not included in analyses
```
